(upbeat music)
- So now I will present my solution to this challenge.
Now there definitely were a couple of ways
to solve this one.
You could have simply not admitted the email address
and the to toSring method of the president object.
You could have tokenized that data.
Now the solution that I picked,
and the one that I will show you
is what I usually do with email addresses
and other unique identifiers that I need in my logs.
And it's a great pattern to have in your toolkit.
Okay, so the first thing that I'm want to do here
is I'm want to run the test before I put in my fix.
So as I run the test, and bring up the console,
you'll see, that we're logging out the email address,
in our query.
So we return data, and in that data,
we logged out the email address.
Now, if you take a look at the DAO method,
again, this is before you started the challenge.
But if you look, and we scroll down, you will see
in the process result set,
I'm simply resolving the president
and outputting that object,
which is going to in turn,
call the toString method on the president.
So when I come down here to the toString
on my president object,
you'll see that I'm simply in my string builder
appending the email address value.
And that's where we get into trouble.
And this is part of the problem of toStrings in general,
when you auto generate them.
So let's take a look at the solution, that I put in play.
So I didn't change anything in the presidentDAO.
I'm still resolving my president,
in line 48.
I'm still printing that log message, just the exact same.
What I did change, however, here on line 71,
is I created an obfuscation utility to obfuscate the data.
So let's take a look at that method.
Now what that method does, is it takes in a string,
and that string data then runs through a message digest,
and I'm using a SHA-256/.
That's a cryptographically secure hashing algorithm today.
Obviously, all hashing algorithms
can be cracked at some point.
But as of today, this is considered
a cryptographically secure hashing algorithm.
Now on line 16, I run the digest.
So I give them encoded hash, and this is a byte array.
So it's binary data.
On line 17, I then use a tool from Apache Commons,
in their binary codec called encodehex.
So I encode that data that hash data, that binary data,
I encode it into a hex string.
So now when I run that same test,
but after the code fix,
you'll see that my log data still prints out the president,
but instead of an email address,
it prints out a hexencoded binary representation
of the hash.
So how does that work?
Notice that this hash starts with e8a9.
If I run this test again,
I get the same exact hash value.
As a matter of fact, no matter how I run SHA-256,
either within this test,
out of band through some other utility,
I'm always going to get the same hex value.
So now in my log aggregation system,
like (indistinct), or any of them,
I can search for this hexencoded binary value
that represents the email address.
And know that anytime I get it,
I've got this record.
That's a really powerful tool, to have in your toolkit
when dealing with log messages
and preventing data loss through them.